docs: add advanced filtering examples to EzTable (#953)
ezcater/recipe: packages/recipe/src/components/EzTable/EzTable.md

  return <Table />;
};
```

### Advanced filtering

An example of using advanced table filtering.

> This is a presentationl example of how to use multiple filters in a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a presentational example of how to use multiple filters in a table.
```

> An example of using advanced table filtering.
> 
> This is a presentationl example of how to use multiple filters in a table.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could combine these to simplify?
```suggestion
This is an advanced example for using multiple filters in a table.
```

To avoid performance degradation

- Do NOT use client-side filtering for large datasets, it can make the table unusable. Prefer server-side filtering, in most cases.

> - [Debounce](https://www.developerway.com/posts/debouncing-in-react) queries as filters change.

Reviewer: I'd also be curious what you think about rephrasing the recommendation sentence and debouncing bullet point:

> Prefer making server-side API calls to filter the actual dataset as the client-side filters change, with appropriate [debouncing](https://www.developerway.com/posts/debouncing-in-react) based on the situation.

It's a subtle change, but I think it clarifies that we don't mean moving all of the client-side logic server-side, just the actual filtering of the dataset.

```jsx
() => {
  /* This example code may be too long to run in the playroom, 
     in order to run in the playroom, pare down the example

>   */

Reviewer 2: If this doesn't work in the playroom, can we add a snippet that does and refer to it here? Or can we fix this example so that it works? Having a working playroom example here seems useful.

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, we definitely don't want to do that. I guess I'm okay leaving this as is, so long as we prioritize Tables as the next big redesign. 👍

      {
        id: '8',
        first: 'Ava',
        last: 'Ma',
        date: '2023-12-22',
        status: 'waiting',
        address: '402 Exeter Street',
      },
      {
        id: '9',
        first: 'Norberta',
        last: 'Novaes',
        date: '2023-12-26',
        status: 'blocked',
        address: '635 Fairfield Street',
      },
      {
        id: '10',
        first: 'Deni',
        last: 'Lubbers',
        date: '2024-01-01',
        status: 'completed',
        address: '605 Gloucester Street',
      },
    ];

    const [state, setState] = React.useState({
      currentPage: 1,
      totalRows: allData.length,
      totalFilteredRows: allData.length,
      rowsPerPage: 5,
    });
    const [searchTerm, setSearchTerm] = React.useState('');
    const [startDate, setStartDate] = React.useState('');
    const [endDate, setEndDate] = React.useState('');
    const [status, setStatus] = React.useState(null);
    const [address, setAddress] = React.useState('');
    const [addressSearchTerm, setAddressSearchTerm] = React.useState('');
    const [data, setData] = React.useState(allData);

    // This filters table data
    // This is a presentational example

>     // PLEASE do this in more performant way: server-side debounced filtering logic preferred

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // PLEASE do this in a more performant way: server-side debounced filtering logic preferred
```
